Enhance(readme): update readme and add prometheus configuration in readme (#3)
openebs/monitor-pv: README.md

# monitor-pv
custom stats collector for OpenEBS persistent volumes (jiva, localpv)

> 

Reviewer: Lets add one pre-requisites section (openebs installation, link to docs)

> To run monitor-pv in your kubernetes cluster apply the given node-exporter yaml. It will contain two containers i.e node-exporter and monitor-pv. monitor-pv will collect the metrics and will store in a file and node-exporter will read that file and expose the metrics.

Reviewer: We can convert this to a 'How to use' section and show the command "kubectl apply -f <>" and verify these pods are created step via "kubectl get pods -n openebs". This following para can be a "How it works" section: 

```suggestion
The monitor PV daemonset pods consist of two containers i.e node-exporter and monitor-pv. The monitor-pv collects the PV size and PV utilization information & places it in a file on the shared mount. The node exporter uses its text-file exporter to expose this data as metrics.
```

# monitor-pv
custom stats collector for OpenEBS persistent volumes (jiva, localpv)

### Pre-requisite
- openebs (https://docs.openebs.io/)

### How to use

> - Run `kubectl apply -f node-exporter.yaml`

Reviewer 2: @ksatchit @slalwani97 -- how about renaming this file `node-exporter.yaml` to `node-exporter-pv-metrics.yaml` ?

Reviewer: yes @kmova it will be clearer.
